---
layout: release
title: Minotaur
cat: TD006
cat_num: 6
date: 2005-12-08
artists: 
    - notbreathing
   
release_type: ep
format: vinyl
img: TD006
purchase:
bandcamp: 

tracks:
  - number: A1
    title: Hewhowalksbesideyou

  - number: A2
    title: Nixiemilf

  - number: A3
    title: Seroquel
  
  - number: A4
    title: Cyclotron Resonator
  
  - number: B1
    title: Ontime

  - number: B2
    title: Mechanised Minotaur Rapist

  - number: B3
    title: The Creeps

  - number: B4
    title: Beam Deflector
---


Half bull, half man, Not Breathing’s Dave Wright may be the most fearsome monster of southwestern electronica. His acid is sharp as knives, his great beats could kick the life out the strongest of heroes, and his food is human flesh. Wright lives in Tucson, the great maze of winding passages on the island of Arizona. Each year seven youths and seven maidens are sent from Goth clubs as food for the beast.

Terminal Dusk Records presents the Minotaur EP – the latest in Not Breathing’s long and complex discography. Featuring collaborations with Meat Beat Manifesto’s Jack Dangers and Metrognome’s Karl White. Dave manages production from the very beginning to the end, from circuit bending and handcrafting his own electronic hardware to manipulate his army of music machines and create bizarre yet astounding tunes. A very personal WAR on sound.

The whinnying horse dragged through the modular synths and farfisa organ of “He Who Walks Beside You” begins your decent into Wright’s peculiar satanic style. “Nixiemilf” features Jack Dangers and his epic Synthi100 with a wall of vocoders fighting off Wright’s pounding rhythms, barbiturates and melancholy. “Seroquel” presents a view into bi-polar mania through complex percussion, ferret pussy & wavetable synthesis . “Ontime” is pure un-cut Black Freestyle – mixing Wright’s roots in 80s Freestyle with the painful complex disco stutterings of Karl White. “Mechanized Minotaur Rapist” is a pounding maze of gameboys and drum n bass scattershot threatening to stuff donkey kong into a giant festeringblowhole. Minotaur EP ends with something that will remain in your mind for a long time, “Beam Deflector”, a result of a helpless 606 drumachine abused though boiling hot vacuum tubes stretching and ripping it in ways we guarantee you have never heard, nor danced to. 