---
layout: release
title: Hardline 
cat: TD005 
cat_num: 5
date: 2005-10-09

release_type: ep

format: vinyl

artists:
  - thegasman

img: TD005
   
img: TD005
purchase:
# bandcamp: 1757399752 

tracks:
  - number: A1
    title: Hardline

  - number: A2
    title: Prong 1

  - number: A3
    title: Acidophilus

  - number: B1
    title: Nexium

  - number: B2
    title: Yut 1

  - number: B3
    title: Flush
---



Direct from Portsmouth, Chris Reeves, AKA The Gasman delivers his first vinyl release and a look at some of his more abstract precision breaks.

Chris provides a post modern look at the hard acid rave styles of the past with the usual Gasman twist. Spastic drums, deep acid squelches, and fractured melodies show this record to be a must have for fans of previously released Gasman material.

Starting off the record, The Gasman drops an old school rave anthem with this title track. Synths and skittering drums are reminiscent of early 90′s parties.

Moving away from the dark club scene and into the clouds, The Gasman Uses playful melodies, floating synths and eerie undertones as his structure. Alongside the melodies the fast and hectic breaks continue to move the track upwards and onwards.

Dipping back into the blotter vile with a heavy dose of 303 squelches, acidophilus speeds up the tempo and bends the traditions acid techno. Filling the air with chopped breaks and a steady rhythm make this track a definite dance floor scorcher.

Upping the tempo even further with another soon to be rave classic, Nexium brings together a rave lead and some idm glitchery. Breaking the barrier between rave and breakbeats The Gasman delivers masterfully.

A Soothing wash of atmospheres coupled with edgy breaks push this track into a drifting soundscape. Yut 1 claims you the winner on this blip-game epic.

Closing the 12″ off is another acid tweaker. It will Move you thru tightly cut speedbreaks and blips into a nightmare filled with caustic acid. As the trip winds down The Gasman fades into a realm of tranquility brimming with symphonic and ambient washes. 