---
layout: release

title: Formulae Remixes

cat: TD002
cat_num: 2

release_type: remix

date: 2005-04-12

format: CD

artists:
  - rusuden

img: TD002

purchase:

tracks:
  - number: '01'
    artists:
      - slug: wisp
    title: Laptop Vagabond Remix

  - number: '02'
    artists:
      - slug: ochre
    title: GITD Trea Cylm Remix

  - number: '03'
    artists:
      - slug: enduser
    title: Membrane Remix

  - number: '04'
    artists:
      - slug: multiplex
    title: Migrate & Molt Remix

  - number: '05'
    artists:
      - slug: line47
    title: Thousand Year Descent (Into Ruffness)

  - number: '06'
    artists:
      - slug: doofgoblin
    title: Yr Brooding Distortion Remix

  - number: '07'
    artists:
      - slug: thegasman
    title: Prankton Remix

  - number: '08'
    artists:
      - slug: rusuden
    title: Day Breaks Remix
---


After Rusuden finished up his debut full length album Formulae on Sonicterror Recordings he received great acclaim for expanding the seas with his original style of electro, downtempo house, and soothing melodies.

Since then, artists were contacted and compiled for the Formulae Remixes album. This remix album takes you deeper into the abyss of beats, breaks, acid, and clicks. Due to the discontinuance of Sonicterror label in late 2004 early 2005, Terminal Dusk picked up the release. Regardless of which label this record was to come out on we knew it was going to be great.

Formulae Remixes begins with Wisp, who was the winner of a remix contest held a year ago by Sonicterror Recordings giving the artist the first track on the remix CD. Wisp definitely delivers with an up-tempo driller filled with floating chimes and deep grooves. Expect more great tracks like this from Wisp in the future on Terminal Dusk (TD004 : Building Dragons 12).

Ochre switches it up with something more soothing. Atmospheric blips and bleeps stand out with light accenting percussion and a solid rhythm throughout the GITD Trea Cylm remix.

Mashup junglist, Enduser, shows a bit of a softer side with Membrane remix. Female vocals, echoed piano and quick cut breaks build as this track unfolds.

Multiplex reworks Migrate & Molt, maintaining the peaceful theme of a voyage in transit. This soft and serene world surrounds you with rich pads and memorable, spirited melodies.

Line 47 stirs up the place with his ragga-jungle track, Thousand Year Descent (into ruffness). This track is filled with splintered breaks, deep bass, ragga MC accents, and siren synths. This track is sure to become a great ragga dance floor anthem.

Doofgoblin keeps his remix style true with Yr Brooding Distortion remix. Twisting and Bending every original sound, Doofgoblin gives us a complete rinsing with his DSP mutations while still keeping the rhythm.

The Gasmans Prankton remix has a free jazz feel with skittery drums and acidy/bubbly synths. The feeling is very chaotic and composed at the same time. A must have for fans of the Gasman. Also lookout for The Gasman to deliver his first ever vinyl release on Terminal Dusk (TD005 : Hardline 12).

Lastly, Rusuden takes us back to the days of acid with Day Breaks remix. Driving electro beats and squelching acid combined with vocal accents and superb production. Rusuden gives hope that acid is not dead but it has just been asleep for a while. 