---
layout: release

title: Building Dragons

cat: TD004
cat_num: 4

release_type: ep

date: 2006-05-23

format: vinyl

artists:
  - wisp

img: TD004

purchase:

# bandcamp: 1003034306

tracks:
  - number: A1
    title: Hall Of Kings

  - number: A2
    title: Stoorworm

  - number: A3
    title: The Bard

  - number: B1
    title: Roads Up Over

  - number: B2
    title: Esquire!

  - number: B3
    title: Among The Pines
---

Hailing from the Northern wastes of Niagara Falls NY, Wisps long awaited 12″ from Terminal Dusk Records is finally here.

Starting off with Hall of Kings, you are set at the starting point of a musical quest, of sorts. The chanting of monks, spastic breaks and building melodies conjure images of magic and adventure in lands of old.

Following is “Stoorworm”. The lands grow darker as you pass through them, assaulted by more shifting breaks and melodies from the deep. By the end, the hero of this story seems to have finally succumbed to defeat.

When “The Bard” starts, rounding off the A side, it comes like a resurrection of sorts. The monks that guided you in the beginning of your journey are back; bring new life to this battle weary hero. Your heart beats with the slow but steady rhythm. The pace quickens as you approach the final confrontation with the beast that brought you so far from home. With an epic build up and massive breakdown, grinding bass and soaring melodies, The Bard brings the ending of this chapter in a story of a Hero and his quest.

Side B beings with “Roads Up Over”. Obviously a different chapter in our story, the Hero has taken a new path home. An uplifting melody guides him into a forest of chopped, dense rhythms.

Sparkling synth tones flitter through trees overhead, and finally a break in the dense canopy can be seen when “Esquire!” begins. Violins and 8bit melodic patterns guide you out of the forest and into ancient mountain passes, your head swimming in clouds. Near the end, you barely notice the change to half time rhythm, and faint chanting.

The ending of this 12″ brings us to “Among The Pine”. Without even realizing it, you have found your way back home, with crescendos of synths and one last build of melody and rhythm to welcome you back. By the end, night sets in with an atmospheric outro, and you are back where you started, barely remembering your epic adventure. 